#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   tensorboard
affine==2.4.0
    # via
    #   rasterio
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   supermercado
annotated-types==0.5.0
    # via stdl-object-detector
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   hydra-core
    #   omegaconf
    #   stdl-object-detector
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   black
    #   stdl-object-detector
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   morecantile
    #   rasterio
    #   stdl-object-detector
black==21.4b2
    # via
    #   detectron2
    #   stdl-object-detector
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   stdl-object-detector
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
    #   stdl-object-detector
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   stdl-object-detector
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   mercantile
    #   rasterio
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   supermercado
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   supermercado
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   supermercado
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   detectron2
    #   stdl-object-detector
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   stdl-object-detector
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   stdl-object-detector
detectron2 @ https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/detectron2/wheels/cu113/torch1.10/detectron2-0.6%2Bcu113-cp38-cp38-linux_x86_64.whl
    # via stdl-object-detector
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   openpyxl
    #   stdl-object-detector
fiona==1.8.21
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   stdl-object-detector
fonttools==4.42.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   stdl-object-detector
future==0.18.3
    # via
    #   detectron2
    #   stdl-object-detector
fvcore==0.1.5.post20221221
    # via
    #   detectron2
    #   stdl-object-detector
gdal==3.0.4
    # via stdl-object-detector
geopandas==0.11.1
    # via stdl-object-detector
google-auth==2.22.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   tensorboard
grpcio==1.57.0
    # via
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   tensorboard
hydra-core==1.3.2
    # via
    #   detectron2
    #   stdl-object-detector
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   stdl-object-detector
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   markdown
    #   stdl-object-detector
importlib-resources==6.0.1
    # via
    #   hydra-core
    #   matplotlib
    #   stdl-object-detector
iopath==0.1.9
    # via
    #   detectron2
    #   fvcore
    #   stdl-object-detector
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   stdl-object-detector
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   stdl-object-detector
loguru==0.7.2
    # via stdl-object-detector
markdown==3.4.1
    # via
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.2
    # via
    #   detectron2
    #   pycocotools
    #   stdl-object-detector
mercantile==1.2.1
    # via
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   supermercado
morecantile==3.2.5
    # via stdl-object-detector
munch==2.5.0
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   stdl-object-detector
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   stdl-object-detector
numpy==1.23.3
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   fvcore
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   pycocotools
    #   rasterio
    #   rdp
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   snuggs
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   supermercado
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchvision
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   stdl-object-detector
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   detectron2
    #   hydra-core
    #   stdl-object-detector
opencv-python==4.8.0.76
    # via stdl-object-detector
openpyxl==3.0.10
    # via stdl-object-detector
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   hydra-core
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   stdl-object-detector
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   stdl-object-detector
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   stdl-object-detector
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   detectron2
    #   fvcore
    #   matplotlib
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   torchvision
plotly==5.16.1
    # via stdl-object-detector
portalocker==2.7.0
    # via
    #   iopath
    #   stdl-object-detector
protobuf==4.24.2
    # via
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   tensorboard
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
    #   stdl-object-detector
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   stdl-object-detector
pycocotools==2.0.7
    # via
    #   detectron2
    #   stdl-object-detector
pydantic==1.10.4
    # via
    #   morecantile
    #   stdl-object-detector
pydot==1.4.2
    # via
    #   detectron2
    #   stdl-object-detector
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   pydot
    #   snuggs
    #   stdl-object-detector
pyproj==3.4.0
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   morecantile
    #   stdl-object-detector
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   stdl-object-detector
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   stdl-object-detector
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   fvcore
    #   omegaconf
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   yacs
rasterio==1.3.8
    # via
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   supermercado
rdp==0.8
    # via stdl-object-detector
regex==2023.8.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   stdl-object-detector
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   stdl-object-detector
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   stdl-object-detector
rtree==1.0.1
    # via stdl-object-detector
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via stdl-object-detector
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   stdl-object-detector
shapely==1.8.5.post1
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   stdl-object-detector
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   google-auth
    #   munch
    #   python-dateutil
    #   stdl-object-detector
snuggs==1.4.7
    # via
    #   rasterio
    #   stdl-object-detector
stdl-object-detector @ git+https://github.com/swiss-territorial-data-lab/object-detector.git@v2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
supermercado==0.2.0
    # via stdl-object-detector
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   detectron2
    #   fvcore
    #   stdl-object-detector
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   plotly
    #   stdl-object-detector
tensorboard==2.14.0
    # via
    #   detectron2
    #   stdl-object-detector
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.1
    # via
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   tensorboard
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via
    #   detectron2
    #   fvcore
    #   stdl-object-detector
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   stdl-object-detector
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   stdl-object-detector
torch @ https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu113/torch-1.10.2%2Bcu113-cp38-cp38-linux_x86_64.whl
    # via
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   torchvision
torchvision @ https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu113/torchvision-0.11.3%2Bcu113-cp38-cp38-linux_x86_64.whl
    # via stdl-object-detector
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   detectron2
    #   fvcore
    #   iopath
    #   stdl-object-detector
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   annotated-types
    #   pydantic
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   torch
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   requests
    #   stdl-object-detector
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   stdl-object-detector
    #   tensorboard
yacs==0.1.8
    # via
    #   detectron2
    #   fvcore
    #   stdl-object-detector
zipp==3.16.2
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
    #   stdl-object-detector

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
